Update decentralization recommendation to include orbit (#3929)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/security/security-best-practices/decentralization.mdx

2. **The dapp is controlled by the developer team:** Your project is not under decentralized control, for example because it is in an early development stage or does not (yet) hold significant funds. In that case, it is recommended to manage access to your canisters securely and ideally not letting individuals control the application. To achieve that, consider the following:
    - Require approval by several individuals or parties to perform any canister controller operations.
    - Require approval by several individuals or parties for any security sensitive changes at the application level that are restricted to privileged principals, such as admin operations including permissions management, minting new tokens, removing NFTs for digital rights violations, etc.

>     - A helpful tool to achieve either of the above two points is the [orbit canister](https://github.com/dfinity/orbit) which allows you to configure intricate policies for canister control. Orbit also serves as an enterprise wallet where token funds are governed using policies. Ideally, individuals also manage their key material using hardware security modules, such as [YubyHSM](https://www.yubico.com/ch/store/yubihsm-2-series/) and physically protect these through methods such as using safes at different geographical locations. Some of HSMs support threshold signature schemes, which can help to further secure the setup. To increase transparency about the changes made to a dapp, consider using a tool like [LaunchTrail](https://github.com/spinner-cash/launchtrail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A helpful tool to achieve either of the above two points is the [orbit station canister](https://github.com/dfinity/orbit) which allows you to configure intricate policies for canister control. Orbit also serves as an [enterprise wallet](https://orbitwallet.io/) where token funds are governed using policies. Ideally, individuals also manage their key material using hardware security modules, such as [YubyHSM](https://www.yubico.com/ch/store/yubihsm-2-series/) and physically protect these through methods such as using safes at different geographical locations. Some of HSMs support threshold signature schemes, which can help to further secure the setup. To increase transparency about the changes made to a dapp, consider using a tool like [LaunchTrail](https://github.com/spinner-cash/launchtrail).
```

>     - A helpful tool to achieve either of the above two points is the [orbit station canister](https://github.com/dfinity/orbit) which allows you to configure intricate policies for canister control. Orbit also serves as an [enterprise wallet](https://orbitwallet.io/) where token funds are governed using policies. Ideally, individuals also manage their key material using hardware security modules, such as [YubyHSM](https://www.yubico.com/ch/store/yubihsm-2-series/) and physically protect these through methods such as using safes at different geographical locations. Some of HSMs support threshold signature schemes, which can help to further secure the setup. To increase transparency about the changes made to a dapp, consider using a tool like [LaunchTrail](https://github.com/spinner-cash/launchtrail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A helpful tool to achieve either of the above two points is the [orbit station canister](https://github.com/dfinity/orbit) which allows you to configure intricate policies for canister control. Orbit also serves as an [enterprise wallet](https://orbit.global/) where token funds are governed using policies. Ideally, individuals also manage their key material using hardware security modules, such as [YubyHSM](https://www.yubico.com/ch/store/yubihsm-2-series/) and physically protect these through methods such as using safes at different geographical locations. Some of HSMs support threshold signature schemes, which can help to further secure the setup. To increase transparency about the changes made to a dapp, consider using a tool like [LaunchTrail](https://github.com/spinner-cash/launchtrail).
```

    - Consider the [SNS preparation checklist](/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/sns/tokenomics/sns-checklist). Important points from a security perspective are [tokenomics](/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/sns/tokenomics/sns-checklist#11-tokenomics-specification), [disclosing dependencies to off-chain components](/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/sns/tokenomics/sns-checklist#13-disclosure-of-dependencies) and [performing security reviews](/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/sns/tokenomics/sns-checklist#21-security-review).
    - Rather than [self-deploying the SNS code](/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/sns/overview#self-deploy-the-sns-code) or [building your own DAO](/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/sns/overview#build-your-own-dao--use-other-dao-frameworks), consider using the official SNS on the SNS subnet, as this guarantees that the SNS is running an NNS-blessed version and maintained as part of ICP.
    - See also [verification and trust in a (launched) SNS](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/Verification_and_trust_in_a_(launched)_SNS) and [SNS decentralization swap trust](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/SNS_decentralization_swap_trust).

> An alternative to DAO control (3. above) would be to create an immutable canister smart contract by removing the canister controller completely. This can be achieved by setting the controlled to a [black hole canister](https://github.com/ninegua/ic-blackhole). However, note that this implies that the canister can **never** be upgraded, which may have severe implications in case a bug was found. The complexity of ICP dapps and the fact that complex front-ends are hosted on chain means that black holed canister are rarely the right solution. The option to use a decentralized governance system and thus being able to upgrade smart contracts is a big advantage of the ICP ecosystem compared to other blockchains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An alternative to DAO control (3. above) would be to create an immutable canister smart contract by removing the canister controller completely. This can be achieved by setting the controller to a [black hole canister](https://github.com/ninegua/ic-blackhole). However, note that this implies that the canister can **never** be upgraded, which may have severe implications in case a bug is found. The complexity of ICP dapps and the fact that complex frontends are hosted on chain means that black holed canisters are rarely the right solution. The option to use a decentralized governance system and thus being able to upgrade smart contracts is a big advantage of the ICP ecosystem compared to other blockchains.
```
